

"a bill of sale is a higher form of ownership than title"

[Write "FOR EXPORT" across "certificate of title"]

[send to dept of motor vehicles]

to whom it may concern, i, james thomas mcbride am the trustee in fact for james t mcbride and a private postmaster of a non independent postal zone under the jurisdiction of the UPU. As private postmaster and member of the society of light i stand in the light, my feet deeply rooted into mother earth via the dna and do not stand in the world of commerce or in corporate America. Please find enclosed the certificate of title number (XXXXXX) and certificate of registration for plates which are being returned to you as i am exporting the following carriages from the corporate united states back to private America as the private property of james thomas mcbride, private postmaster:

year: 
make: 
model: 
color: 
vin#: 

As I travel in the land commonly known as America, my carriage will be clearly marked as private property of james thomas mcbride, private postmaster, so that the agents and/or employees of your administrative agencies can identify me as standing without the united states. 

You are instructed to inform the agents' employees and contractors of the administrative agencies affiliated with the united states, state of ohio, ohio highway patrol, etc. so as to protect them and your administrative agencies from any loss from unlawfully restricting the liberties of a private postmaster.

I will continue to display your license plate (xxxxxxx) and tag number xxxxx for up to 30 days to provide you time to make the necessary notifications in your computers. 

Full disclosure

[I don't want to have to explain this to every cop on the side of the highway. so i inform them in advance:
here's what's going on
here's who i am
here's a discription of my carriage
here's why you're not going to mess with me
here's what's going to happen when you do]


In the event that one of your agents' employees and/or contractors of any of the franchise administrative agencies of the united states should restrict the liberties of james thomas mcbride, you hereby agree to provide compensation in the amount of 1 troy oz of fine gold or gold coin for every 60 seconds that my liberties are restricted. You further agree to provide compensation in the amount of 100 troy ounces of fine gold or gold coin for every time that any agent, employee and/or contractors as described above should confiscate my carriage, and 1000 troy ounces of fine gold or coin for any time they should kidnap or take my body into possession in any way.

You further agree that you shall provide immediate compensation for all violations that any delay beyond 72 hours shall constitute a commercial dishonor and shall give rise to triple compensation and your consent to the postmaster general John E Potter as compliant agent to ensure compliance in this matter.

[signed as postmaster]

[notarized]

[seal]
