In Colgate v Harvey, 296 U.S. 404, 427 (1935) the Court held:





“Thus, the dual character of our citizenship is made plainly apparent.

That is to say, a citizen of the United States is ipso facto and at the same time a Citizen of the state in which he resides.

And while the Fourteenth Amendment does not create a national citizenship,

it has the effect of making that citizenship ‘paramount and dominant’ instead of being ‘derivative and dependent’ upon state citizenship.”(private Citizen.)



In Hale v. Henkel, 201 U.S. 43, 74 (1906), the Court held:





“The individual may stand upon his constitutional rights as a Citizen.

He is entitled to carry on his private business in his own way.

His power to contract is unlimited.

He owes no duty to the State or to his neighbors to divulge his business, [see 'business license'.]

or to open his doors to an investigation,

so far as it may tend to incriminate him.



He owes no such duty to the State, since he receives nothing therefrom, beyond the protection of his life and property.

His rights are such as existed by the law of the land long antecedent to the organization of the State, and can only be taken from him by due process of law, and in accordance with the Constitution. Among his rights are a refusal to incriminate himself, and the immunity of himself and his property from arrest or seizure except under a warrant of law. He owes nothing to the public so long as he does not trespass upon their rights.”



By contrast and comparison, the Court went on to describe the state-created, “public”



corporate citizen. It declared in Hale v. Henkel, supra, 74-75:





“Upon the other hand, the corporation is a creature of the State.



It is presumed to be incorporated for the benefit of the public.



It receives certain special privileges and franchises, and holds them subject to the laws of the State and the limitations of its charter.



Its powers are limited by law.



It can make no contract not authorized by its charter.



Its rights to act as a corporation are only preserved to it so long as it obeys the laws of its creation.



There is a reserved right in the legislature to investigate its contracts and find out whether it has exceeded its powers.



It would be a strange anomaly to hold that a State, having chartered a corporation to make use of certain franchises, could not in the exercise of its sovereignty inquire how these franchises had been employed, and whether they had been abused, and demand the production of the corporate books and papers for that purpose.” [Emphasis in bold]



Further stressing the difference between the individual Private Citizen and the corporate Public Citizen,





the Supreme Court of Oregon declared in Redfield v. Fisher, 292 P. 813, 819 (1930):





“The individual, unlike the corporation, cannot be taxed for the mere privilege of existing.



The corporation is an artificial entity which owes its existence and charter powers to the state;

but the individual’s right to live and own property are natural rights for the enjoyment of which an excise cannot be imposed.”



[Can YOU be TAXED? ..... Then you are NOT a private Citizen!



You SWEAR on your voter registration that YOU ARE acting as a ‘public corporation – State created – all caps ‘NAME’ and are surety for the corporation.

You VOLUNTEERED to be a slave. Your actions by doing this cause tremendous damages to this nation and your fellow man - by your ignorance.]





It must be noted that this decision concerning the private individual and the public





corporation was delivered prior to Congress amending its “Trading with the Enemy Act”





(1917). Said Act was amended by means of the “Emergency Banking Relief Act,”





this wicked “Emergency Banking Relief Act” having also “approved and confirmed”





President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s diabolical Emergency War Powers “Proclamation





2040” on March 9, 1933.