I've been on a long journey to this moment. And along the way I've thought about going back for transcripts and documents I've filed before so I could account for, and review, what I know definitely worked for sure, which I'm not sure why worked or didn't, and which didn't go over so well at all.

And Now, after banging my head against the wall for twenty years, over some sense of void in between those all to familiar words :
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE CHARGES/HOW DO YOU PLEAD ?

... and what that attorney wrote for me that worked so well :

Suddenly, I remember, and wonder how I could have forgotten, just exactly, what it was that rogue California bar attorney moonlighting with equal rights for fathers in Michigan wrote in the introduction of my first Pro Se motion. The one that got me into the judges chambers with opposing counsel and the judge, in 1997, wondering why they were sweating. And this was merely in a divorce case.

"the accused shall enjoy the right to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-nesses in his favor."

And that's what? Part of the, The Sixth Amendment?

the accused... shall enjoy... the right to be informed... of the nature... and cause... of the accusation...

So... the Judge reads the charge. And what has he given you notice of?

the nature. He reads you the nature of the accusation Only.

He declines to read the "Cause," the reason, the grounds, the allegations or facts alleged in support.

And then he asks if you understand.

can you reasonably be expected to, unless he makes a probable cause finding and determination of allegations and sufficient facts alleged in support to make a reasonably informed plea, if the prosecution or opposing counsel has failed to provide sufficient service of process and adequate notice of "CAUSE?"

This all dawned on me while I was listening to an old McCartney tune : The chorus goes "My dog he's got three legs, your dog he;s got one."

Do you understand, what a One Legged Dog is?

Cause, includes jurisdiction, capacity, and standing.

So... DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE CHARGES?
Sure. I understand the nature of the charges.
HOW DO YOU PLEAD?
Well, your honor... you've advised me of the Nature of the Charge, what of the Cause, reason, grounds, allegations, or facts alleged in support, that im entitled to notice of before I can be reasonably expected to make an informed and intelligent plea?

how can one reasonably be expected to FORMULATE an opinion and make a decision concerning a comparison of the Nature to the Cause, without full and fair notice of both?

right in front of my eyes the whole time. The trees in the forest.

If I'm unable to make a reasonably informed plea due to lack of notice of the "cause" for the accusation, having only received notice of the "nature" of the charge, by your reading it to me, it would be plain error to mistake being UNABLE TO PLEAD, for REFUSAL TO PLEAD.

And doing so, would demonstrate bias and prejudice on the part of the court, for the prosecutions failure to provide fair notice of "cause," and against my right to notice of both, "nature," that the court has provided notice of when reading the charges, and "cause," which the prosecution has failed to provide sufficient or adequate notice of to make a reasonably informed plea.

NATURE - The Judges spoken word
CAUSE - The Prosecutors written word

So judge, would you be one to cover and make excuses for the prosecutor's failure to perform, and his providing me with only the same notice of NATURE that you have read to me, if not in error then by intentional concealment of fair notice required, to make an informed plea,prejudicing the defenses ability to to make an intelligent decision concerning the nature and cause ?

Gotcha.
				--neil rowe




note to self - judge retreats to officers statement as notice of cause... insufficient... must be reduce to writing by prosecutor to comport with criminal rules of procedure that proscribe pleading practice mandatory minimum requirements for

Sufficient notice and service of process of Indictment or information

by grand jury, except in times of actual service

shit. fuck me running