Tell me what you all think,  i feel like i got lazy at the end of writing all this. so let me know.  THANKS IN ADVANCE

 

 

Boone County Traffic Court

 

 

“State of Illinois” , Officer Bogdonas #87

        plaintiff, Prosecution

    vs.

Jacob Smith, Sui Juris, Special Appearance

        defendant

 

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

 

Docket #

 

Demand to Dismiss complaint and request for full finding of fact and conclusions of law

 

    Now Comes Jacob Smith, alleged defendant, by special appearance, not submitting to the court’s jurisdiction, who hereby moves this court to strike/dismiss the complaint filed by Officer Bogdonas #87, for failure to present a cause of action or crime.  Failure to present the court a case deprives the court of jurisdiction.  Grounds are further set forth below.  The court is further requested to provide a full findings of fact and conclusions of law if the court denies this motion.  Just saying “it doesn’t apply” is not a sufficient grounds to deny this motion.

    Because some courts refuse to disclose the nature of the proceedings, this motion covers both civil and criminal.  If deemed to be civil, the criminal parts may be ignored and vice-versa.

 

    1.  No case, crime or cause of action.  The foundation for the court’s jurisdiction is the purpose of American government itself, this is in the Declaration of Independence of 1776:

“We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed..." (emphasis added).

 

    This is applicable to Illinois governments because the “state” was admitted on equal footing as of August 26, 1818..  This is also shown in several other state constitutions regarding the establishment of American governments: “governments…are established to protect and maintain individual rights.”  See Arizona, Washington and Minnesota.

    This is why to have a case or cause of action; a plaintiff must plead the violation of a legal right:

“the duty of this court, as of every judicial tribunal, is limited to determining rights of persons or of property, which are actually controverted in the particular case before it.”  Tyler v. Judges of the Court of Registration, 179 U.S. 405, 21 SCt. 206, 208.

 

“In order to establish standing, a party must demonstrate three essential elements.  Metropolitan Air Research Testing Auth. Inc., v. Metropolitan Gov’t of Nashville and Durston County, 842 S.W.2d 611, 615…First, the party must demonstrate that it has suffered an injury which is ‘distinct and palpable,’…and not conjectural or hypothetical…Second, the party must establish a causal connection between the injury and the conduct of which he complains…Third, it must be likely that a favorable decision will redress the injury…These elements are indispensable to the plaintiff’s case, and must be supported by the same degree of evidence at each stage of litigation as other matters on which plaintiff bears the burden of proof.  Lujan, 504 U.S. at 560…”  Petty v. Daimler/Chrysler Corp., 91 S.W.3d 765.

 

“To establish one’s standing to bring an action, “a party must demonstrate (1) that it has sustained a distinct and palpable injury, (2) that the injury was caused by the challenged conduct, and (3) that the injury is apt to be redressed by a remedy the court is prepared to give.”  City of Chattanooga v. Davis, 54 S.W.3d 248, 280 (Tenn. 2001).

 

    The basic elements of a case or cause of action are the violation of a legal right and loss or harm.  The alleged plaintiff, a legal fiction at best, ostensibly acting through Officer Bogdonas #87 has not pled any violation of a legal right or harm.  Legally there is no cause of action:

“A Cause of action is some particular legal right of plaintiff against defendant, together with some definite violation thereof which occasions loss or damage.”  Luckie v. McCall Manufacturing Co., 152 So.2d 311, 314…”  Soowal v. Marden, 452 So.2d 625, 626.

 

    This includes proceedings like these allegedly criminal in nature:

 

"Causation consists of two distinct sub elements.  As legal scholars have recognized, before a defendant can be convicted of a crime that includes an element of causation, the State must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant's conduct was (1) the "cause in fact" and (2) the "legal cause" (often called "proximate cause") of the relevant harm...In order to establish that a defendant's conduct was the "cause in fact" of a particular harm, the State usually must demonstrate that "but for" the defendant's conduct, the harm would not have occurred."  Eversly v. State, 748 So.2d 963, 966-967 (Fla. 1999).

 

“It is a fundamental principle of law that no person be adjudged guilty of a crime until the state has shown that a crime has been committed.  The state therefore must show that a harm has been suffered of the type contemplated by the charges (for example, a death in the case of a murder charge or a loss of property in the case of a theft charge), and that such harm was incurred due to the criminal agency of another.  Thus, it is sufficient if the elements of the underlying crime are proven rather than those of the particular degree or variation of that crime which may be charged.”  State v. Allen, 335 So. 2d 823,825 (Fla. 1976).

 

    Even if the absurd claim is made harm is not a necessary element of a real crime, the complaint is still fatally flawed as there is no accusation alleged defendant violated any one’s legal rights.

    If there were a true adversary against alleged defendant, it would be laughable to even try to discuss causation because defendant is not accused of causing anything, real or imagined.

 

    2.  No corpus delecti.  The corpus delecti is the “body of the crime” itself.  Virtually every American jurisdiction agrees it’s an absolutely essential element of any crime and is consistent with the stated purpose of American governments:

“In order to establish the corpus delecti of a crime, the State must establish beyond a reasonable doubt (1) that a certain result has been produced and (2) that someone is criminally responsible for the act.  State v. Jones, 15 S.W.3d 880, 890-891.”  State v. Ellis, 89 S.W.3d 584, 600.

 

“Corpus delecti of crime requires showing that certain result has been produced and that result was created through criminal agency.”  State v. Ervin, 731 S.W.2d 70.

 

“It is elementary that the corpus delecti constitutes an essential element of a criminal prosecution…”  People v. O’Neil, 165 N.E.2d 319, 320.

 

See also:  

 

"In every criminal trial, the prosecution must prove the corpus delecti, or the body of the crime itself - i.e., the fact of injury, loss or harm, and the existence of a criminal agency as its cause."  People v. Sapp, 73 P.3d 433, 467 (Cal. 2003) [quoting People v. Alvarez, (2002) 27 Cal.4th 1161, 1168-1169, 119 Cal.Rptr.2d 903, 46 P.3d 372.] (Calif).

 

"In defining 'corpus delecti' Wharton says: 'It is made up of two elements: (1) That a certain result has been produced...(2) That some one is criminally responsible for the result..."  McVeigh v. State, 53 S.E.2d 462, 469 (Georgia).

 

"In order to prove that a crime occurred, the State must prove beyond a reasonable doubt: (1) the basic injury..., (2) the fact that the basic injury was the result of a criminal, rather than a natural or accidental cause..."  State v. Libero, 83 P.3d 753, 763 (2003), [quoting State v. Dudoit, 55 Haw. 1, 2, 514 P.2d 373, 374 (1973)] (Hawaii).

 

"While the corpus delecti must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt...it may be established by circumstantial evidence..."  James v. State, 248 A.2d 910, 912. (Maryland)

 

“Criminal responsibility is imposed on the basis of the intentional doing of an act with awareness of the probability that the act will result in substantial damage, regardless of whether the injury turns out to be minor or insignificant.”  Com. v. Ruddock, 520 N.E.2d 501.  (Massachusettes)

 

“The term “corpus delecti” embraces occurrence of loss or injury and criminal causation thereof.”  State v. Hill, 221 A.2d 725, 728, 47 N.J. 490.  (New Jersey)

 

“It has long been fundamental to the criminal jurisprudence of this Commonwealth that a necessary predicate to any conviction if proof of the corpus delecti, i.e., the occurrence of any injury or loss and someone's criminality as the source of this injury or loss.  See Commonwealth v. Burns, 490 Pa. 619, 627, 187 A.2d 552, 556-557 (1963); Commonwealth v. Turza, 340 Pa. 128, 133, 16 A.2d 401, 404 (1940)."  Commonwealth v. Maybee, 239 A.2d 332, 333.  (Pennsylvania)

 

“Corpus delecti consists of a showing of “1) the occurrence of the specific kind of injury and 2) someone’s criminal act as the cause of the injury.”"  Johnson v. State, 653 N.E.2d 478, 479 (Ind. 1995).

 

    This is not the same as the “corpus delecti rule” which is not an element of the alleged crime, but a procedural rule.

There is no corpus delecti pled in the complaint.  Without a corpus delecti there is no crime:

“Component parts of every crime are the occurrence of a specific kind of injury or loss, some body's criminality as source of the loss, and the accused’s identity as the doer of the crime; the first two elements are what constitutes the concept of “corpus delecti.”  U.S. v. Shunk, 881 F.2d 917, 919 C.A. 10 (Utah).

 

    3.  Lack of jurisdiction.  “Standing represents a jurisdictional requirement which remains open to review at all stages of the litigation.”  National Organization for Women, Inc., v. Scheidler, 510 US 249.  Without a cause of action (legal injury pled) there is no jurisdiction.

Because there is no case, cause of action or corpus delecti, there is no crime.  Yes, there may be a so-called “crime” alleged on paper, but the allegation fails to meet every legal standard of what a crime is.  Also, because American governments are established for the sole purpose of protecting rights, a true crime requires the violation of a legal right.  Alleged defendant is not accused of violating anyone’s legal rights, therefore, there is no crime/case or cause of action pled and the court has no jurisdiction.

 

4.  The complaint is “unfit for adjudication”.  Because American courts are adversary systems, the complaint is “unfit for adjudication” whether called civil or criminal:

“The [Supreme] Court has found unfit for adjudication any cause that "is not in any real sense adversary," that "does not assume the `honest and actual antagonistic assertion of rights' to be adjudicated…”  Poe v. Ullman, 367 U.S. 497, 505 (1961).

 

Even if the phrase corpus delecti is not used, there is no doubt this is not an adversary proceeding as there are no allegations I violated any legal rights.

 

5. No evidence of presence within State and laws applicable.  There are no facts pled to prove my presence within the plaintiff State of Illinois and the laws of the state are applicable to me.  Such evidence is essential to prove jurisdiction.

    Mere geographic location is not evidence of presence within the alleged plaintiff, State of Illinois.  It’s impossible to prove my presence within the alleged plaintiff beyond a reasonable doubt or a preponderance of evidence.  The State of Illinois, while obviously not geographic, is at best political as it did not exist prior to August 26, 1818..

    The phrase State of Illinois appears to be not much more than a dba or pseudonym for lawyers and police officers.

As the laws of the state only apply within the state, there is no evidence, and nothing alleged, the law of the state apply to me.

If this is a criminal proceeding, then the assigned judge is obligated to presume my innocence until it is proven beyond a reasonable doubt.  The judge may not assume the law is applicable now because it is an essential element of the alleged crime.

 

    6. Court’s jurisdiction not enlarged by police authority.  The jurisdiction of the court is limited to protecting rights; this is not enlarged by alleging the police have authority to issue tickets.  Such authority does not work to trump fundamental limitations on the courts.

    No amount of police authority may enlarge the limits of the adversary system.  Adversary systems require true adversaries, this requires the allegation and proof of injury.  The plaintiff has failed to make such allegations.  Yes, police may have authority to issue traffic tickets, they must still allege injury for the court to proceed with jurisdiction.

 

7.  Take judicial notice of  “The right of the citizen to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, either by carriage or by automobile, is not a mere privilege which a city may prohibit or permit at will, but a common right which he has under the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."- Thompson v Smith, 154 SE 579.”

Article I, Section 9, Clause 8: No title of  nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.

Drivers Licenses and license plates, registrations turn my right to travel into a privilege. Drivers Licenses and License plates are also titles of nobility.8. Title 42 subsection 666 of the Uniform Commercial Code-(13) Recording of social security numbers in certain family matters.- Procedures requiring that the social security number of__(A) any applicant for a professional license, driver’s license, occupational license, recreational license or marriage license be recorded on the applicationTAKE NOTICE of the Book of Revelations, from the Holy Bible, no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark, which is the name of the beast or the number of his name. If any has insight, let him calculate the number of the beast, for it is man’s number. His number is 666, this is from Revelation 13-15.I refuse to carry the mark of the beast, this violates my civil rights, and this is a violation of the creators laws, which supersedes human law according to the Declaration of Independence which states that our rights are endowed by a “creator”  As stated in the Declaration of Independence of 1776:We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are create equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.-- That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. I do not wish to take any number to exercise a right. A license turns a right into a privilege and violates the creators law, As such in order to have a Driver’s licence one must have a Social Security number.

 

9. TITLE 18 USC § 1951 - Interference with commerce by threats or violence

(a) Whoever in any way or degree obstructs, delays, or affects commerce or the movement of any article or commodity in commerce, by robbery or extortion or attempts or conspires so to do, or commits or threatens physical violence to any person or property in furtherance of a plan or purpose to do anything in violation of this section shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than twenty years, or both.

(1) The term “robbery” means the unlawful taking or obtaining of personal property from the person or in the presence of another, against his will, by means of actual or threatened force, or violence, or fear of injury, immediate or future, to his person or property, or property in his custody or possession, or the person or property of a relative or member of his family or of anyone in his company at the time of the taking or obtaining.

(2) The term “extortion” means the obtaining of property from another, with his consent, induced by wrongful use of actual or threatened force, violence, or fear.Extortion as defined by Websters Dictionary: 1: the act or practice of extorting especially money or other property; especially : the offense committed by an official engaging in such practice

2: something extorted; especially : a gross overcharge

 

Conclusion

Because the plaintiff has failed to allege the required elements of a cause of action/crime and there is no corpus delecti, the Court has no jurisdiction. I demand dismissal based on unconstitutional merits, the state being in violation of Title 18, extortion, and conspiracy against my rights, and violations to the creators law.

As such, the court will either strike the complaint filed against alleged defendant or dismiss it.