ROWE REPOSITORY OF RANDOM LEGAL ADVICE

If confronted with such a ticket or citation, of this or that type, I suppose I would present my self in court at the appointed time, "Always be prepared to give an answer (1 Pet 3:15)," and ask the Judge if I was not entitled to fair notice from opposing counsel, and pretrial discovery and examination of material facts and evidence essential to the construction of a valid cause of action, not a request for legal advice, but simply this, to the Nature and Cause :

Is the claim, charge or complaint, in equity, law or admiralty, brought against me in my private capacity or status as a natural born person and citizen of a sovereign state, or against the office of some official public capacity or status as a corporate person I am presumed to have been acting in? Seeking reasonable discovery and disclosure of Information I require to ascertain my standing in law to sue or be sued, associated rights, immunities, defenses, duties, obligations and responsibilities.

I'll bet real money, that the Judge tells the prosecutor he's likely not up to answering this question properly and should withdraw his action, as he vanishes back into chambers like a vampire retreating to his lair, leaving the D.A. or Attorney general to his own embarrassment and shame.

Cause I'll be damned if I let a Judge prosecute demonstrating bias, prejudice and a vested interest in the out come of the proceedings between adversaries at law where he is to serve as fair and impartial arbiter.

"This word ‘person’ and its scope and bearing in the law, involving, as it does, legal fictions and also apparently natural beings, it is difficult to understand; but it is absolutely necessary to grasp, at whatever cost, a true and proper understanding to the word in all the phases of its proper use . . . A person is here not a physical or individual person, but the status or condition with which he is invested . . . not an individual or physical person, but the status, condition or character borne by physical persons . . . The law of persons is the law of status or condition." -- American Law and Procedure, Vol. 13, page 137, 1910.; '"...the tenderness of the law for the rights of individuals' entitles each person, regardless of economic or social status, to an unequivocal warning from the legislature as to whether he is within the class of persons subject to vicarious liability. Congress cannot be deemed to have intended to punish anyone who is not 'plainly and unmistakably' within the confines of the statute." (United States v. Lacher, 134 U.S. 624, 628, 10; S.Ct. 625, 626, 33 L.Ed. 1080; United States v. Gradwell, 243 U.S. 476,485, 37 S.Ct. 407, 61 L.Ed. 857. FN1 United States v. Wiltberger, 5 Wheat. 76, 95, 5 L.Ed. 37)).

"The natural body or such as is formed by the laws of God, [is] as distinguished from an artificial body or such as is devised by human laws. "(1 Bl. Com. 467). " Thus, in law, a body is considered a natural person formed by the laws of God... as distinguished from an 'artificial body,' or 'corporate person,' specifying that an artificial body is devised, and regulated by human laws. And, as such, An artificial body can do only what is authorized by its charter or by law... a natural person or body, whatever is not forbidden by law." (Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 177 (1868.)) "The Natural Liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule." - Samuel Adams "You [the people] have the rights antecedent to all earthly governments; rights that cannot be repealed or restrained by human laws; right derived from the Great Legislator of the Universe." - John Adams, 2nd President of the united States of America.

"The people, or sovereign are not bound by general words in statutes, restrictive of prerogative right, title or interest, unless expressly named. Acts of limitation do not bind the King or the people. The people have been ceded all the rights of the King, the former sovereign ... It is a maxim of the common law, that when an act is made for the common good and to prevent injury, the King shall be bound, though not named, but when a statute is general and prerogative right would be divested or taken from the King [or the people] he shall not be bound." (The People v. Herkimer, 4 Coen (NY) 345, 348 (1825);

"[S]tatutes apply only to state created creatures known as corporations no matter whether state, local, or federal." (Colonial Pipeline Co. v. Traigle, 421 US 100. ( ) ); "All codes, rules, and regulations are for government authorities only, not human/Creators in accordance with God's laws. All codes, rules, and regulations are unconstitutional and lacking due process…" (Rodriques v. Ray Donavan, U.S. Department of Labor, 769 F. 2d 1344, 1348 (1985)); “All legislation is prima facie territorial.” USSC 213 US 347 (1909)