The UCC process ~ "Commercial Redemption"
Useful tool OR Fraudulent trap


There's a lot of debate and controversy over the UCC process.
& it seems people are falling on 1 of 2 sides of the debate, either totally against it or totally for it. I for one am entirely unsure of the whole ordeal. The UCC is a body of rules that extends to almost every country on our world is aeons in the making based on the bible and canon law. this leads me to believe it could have merit. BUT The UCC has lead some sovereigns astray and ended them up in unfortunate positions.
SO does this mean the UCC filing process is a valid way to take control of your lawful matters IF DONE CORRECTLY or that its a trap designed to ensnare freedom loving folk into the jurisdiction of Babylon?
Lets examine both sides.


He who receives the benefit must also face the consequence, this simple maxim helps me know that if you are to use the UCC you better know it inside and out otherwise subject yourself to authority you don't fully comprehend. WE as free willed sovereign beings are entitled to contract as we wish. But that entitles a lot more than meets the eye, cause to contract is to abide by laws set out in the contract. so to use the UCC means to contract with Universal Commercial Law & therefore except the jurisdiction of that legality. In my experience commerce at that level is dangerous it helped bring about the turmoil the world is currently engulfed in. To deal in commerce(whore of babylon) is to use the Legal NAME(mark of the beast) BUT the legal name is Fraudulent inasmuch as all things registered are all things CROWN OWNED can we really use the UCC to "take control of our strawman"? would it not still be CROWN COPYWRITTEN property and therefore ANY & ALL use of the "strawman" would be fraudulent? wouldnt using our strawman in anyway simply be perpetrating the lie of the LEGAL NAME fraud which we all know to be an established constructive fraud.



On the other side of things since the legal name was fraudulently taken from us via non full disclosure(omission) and the birth certificate. Fraud vitiates everything nunc pro tunc(now for then), tunc pro nunc, ab initio(from the begining), ad infinitum(to continue forever). so then would laying claim to the legal name essentially be rebutting the fraud of the legal name not being actually yours? in that aspect the UCC process could have merit being that it would essentially be using their playing field to take back what was always yours and fraudulently taken. some people think the UCC process is a get rich quick scheme to access the treasury account of the legal name to withdraw money(fiat currency/debt notes) from. those folk looking to get rich quick might be giving a legitimate process a bad name because off ill conceived ideas of fast money through a legal process.
It is in my opinion to BEWARE THE UCC. only use this process if you are FULLY AWARE of any/all ramifications that come from this process. I do not trust the UCC process, it seems to me like an overly complicated aspect of law AND the whole point of this group is to study law its to take that which the legal society/Temple BAR has obscured and codified and simplify it so that anybody can comprehend to true workings of law.


my take on the UCC is simply beware and KNOW what you are getting yourself into BEFORE you start filing paperwork. But i believe that rule goes for anything always know what you are doing. WHAT YE SOW SO SHALL YE REAP. In the end it is up to YOU the spirit driving around the meat suit to decide for yourself what to do. My advice is read, do your own diligence, research, BREATH, meditate and make sure to find moments of silent contemplation NOT THINKING, to truly innerstand the knowledge we are all trying to deciphe